This file is intended to provide details of Dark Kingdom's overall concept and design. There is understandable skepticism that another medieval
SS13 project is being seriously undertaken, and I hope that the detail provided here will help to assuage suspicions.

Dark Kingdom will, with any luck, be the realization of something I've wanted to play for a long while now: Space Station 13 concept, but in
a dark medieval fantasy setting. No alien, no space, no starbases or ships. The capital of a kingdom steeped in ancient traditions, 
fantasy-based elements, politics, and subterfuge.

The Kingdom of Ephecinae, our setting in question, is situated on a non-Earth world with its own history and timeline. The kingdom teeters 
on the brink at all times, for it faces threats both from without and within. Located on a peninsula, Ephecinae is neighbored to the north 
by the Empire of Tavos, host to a deity which stands in opposition to Ephecinae's pantheon. War is a constant threat. Even in times of peace, 
conspiracy and plots within the kingdom are practically celebrated arts, politely clothed within ancient traditions of monarchy and religion.

Given the limited scope of a SS13 game, our setting will be the capital city of Ephecinae, sharing the name of the kingdom as a whole. 
My aim is to have the royal palace and the surrounding village and wilds represented, along with a full host of unique occupations. Artwork 
to depict this unique setting is sought by paid and volunteer talent alike, as is coding assistance.

Features planned for Dark Kingdom include:

1. A unique medieval fantasy setting with a dark bent. No space, no aliens, no high technology. Heavily enforced role-playing ranging from 
village life to the conspiracies and subterfuge of the royal court.

2. A full roster of interesting, unique occupations appropriate to the world. We'll be looking at implementing roles all the way from the 
King down to the general Villager. A full list of desired occupations to be coded/sprited for will be provided in a separate file.

3. New antagonist roles, from ancient beings to rogue mages and courtly spies, as well as scenarios such as war-related events with the 
Empire both automated and staff initiated.

4. New artwork contributed by paid professionals and volunteers to depict a thematically appropriate map with landscaping, structures, 
characters, and interactive objects. No laser guns to be found here.

5. As stated, a serious emphasis upon enforced heavy role-playing. My hope is that all of the above will be taken and brought to life by the 
players, given the requirement that they play in an appropriately in-character fashion for their role and the world. Supervision where 
possible will help to enforce expectations of play.

6. Establishment of a dedicated wiki, forums, and a Discord channel for Dark Kingdom. Proper documentation will be a priority, not simply 
for the mechanics (though important), but also to give players the thematic information they need to role-play appropriately in our world.

This is, of course, a very succinct summary of the concept and ultimate goal written just following this github's creation. Further details 
pertaining to specific needs will be provided in separate files and projects, as well as on the planned forums and wiki page.

If you volunteer your work or are hired to provide, then I offer my gratitude for your contributions toward this game's creation. I would not 
be able to do it all without your aid.

Thank you,

Kuroyama
